fix(frontend): breakdown for eth from staking not showing (#8367)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

Changelog
=========

> * :bug:`-` Fix issue where ETH from staking validator doesn't appear under the ETH breakdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :bug:`-` Fix issue where ETH from staking doesn't appear under the ETH breakdown on the dashboard.
```
